My Replicate api is already in replit secret env, I named it Replicate api, that's my api token, so fix the video. Then generate the sql for me to copy and paste it, then is the app making use of the credit system, so users don't over use api requests, they pay for using them. then the questions I asked are.
in advance chat page can display trending videos, news pictures and videos, blogs, headlines, search the web, search a website link, user can upload a video link and their prompt, gemini can watch the video, understand it and perform what the user needs, let should also explain what is doing, show search results, and sources from the internet just like Claude ai does, let user use both advance and ask lenory hat for deepest reasoning and researches, advanced chat chat explore ads searches, find and structure high quality and converting ads for meta ai can launch the ads when user connects their meta ads account to lenory, only when asked, show me how everything should work, tools replit can use to make it work perfectly, it can also connect to my second app running on loveable and supabase, tell me how to make loveable connect lenory to that app if we need api or what. tell me what again the app lacks that solve a real problem for Nigeria, it's students, business owners, I have added my assembly api so fix that transcription aspect so it starts working, fix the video and image, so the all will be displayed on the Ask lenory chat page, video is displayed with a download button, same as image, store those images on the generate image page, in that generate image page add video session, so user can switch from image to video in one page, video also has those kinds of features in generate Image page, user can see the videos they created, or still create videos there. Now Wire that mic button on dashboard page to use assembly api to record and transcribe text that gemini will respond to in ask lenory page, how it should work is when user clicks that mic, they see is recording, assembly api does it job, then the Ask lenory chat page opens which the ai starts responding the chat, if the user wants a specific feature gemini should be able to send it the features, like example user say open cbt, it sends to ask lenory, ask lenory opens it, stuff like that, make that mic button to be visible everywhere on the app. In advanced chat, save its chat history in ask lenory chat history side page, just label it so user understands and knows is from there. Explain what advanced chat really does, fix that app PWA first page is saying Lernory instead of Lenory, remove the first r on the letter, then change the app logo to this image I uploaded, make it fully visible every pages of the app, including chat ai responses. Then fix my live ai using vapi api which is always in the replit secret env, so it starts working like gemini live in the app, tell me what to configure so everything is perfect. Tell me how to host my app on vercel or replit which is the best way in terms of security and how much it will cost me. Plus domain. I need lenory to be the Claude of Nigeria, fixing all Nigeria problems that this other ai apps cannot do, that foreign companies will like to invest, or buy the app, that Nigeria government bodies will use, military and so on will rely on. So suggest features we need to achieve that goals, or features that needs upgrading to feet in, then upgrade them your self. All features must start using the credit system structured, it must start working. Fix that lenory ID so it starts working on supabase. In website generation add user to preview their full site on browser using the lenory hosting, tell me how to upgrade so we work like base44 housing everything In base44. In the future I plan to add openclaw, OLlama vps endpoint, and other tools to advance chat, hope replit can add them. So user can down the node inside their devices which they can control their devices using voice just like siri in iPhone, but I want to be more powerful than siri using openclaw to execute all voice tasks Nigerian and other countries most painful problems that siri, Google assistance, alexsa cannot do, you can list them for me so we can plan how to beat this top companies in Nigeria. 
