Lenory update 1


1. Supabase database rechange: - we have changed our database to a new supabase project which is connected to the loveable project, rebuild all engines to use the new supabase, all data should be stored in there. All data should sync into lenory inbuit Memory Storage automatically, the so data supabase database are synced into the app, making sure no data is lost, when app is offline, the inbuit memory system displays all chat history, offline memory,, meaning user can still view past memories already stored in the inbuit memory system accurate without loading supabase when online, but when online all systems work together, everything are syncing together, nothing is lost after sometime. 

2. Auth page: - The Auth should use the new supabase auth, add the forgot password button page in the login page which links to the new supabase auth which is connected to the loveable project, now make sure all users data, log histories, activities, authentication, are real-time and tracked by the new supabase database project, the url, service role, and annon key is already added to replit secret environment, no leak api key in replit secret env, pages, database or backend should be stored on the frontend code (very dangerous, for hackers and bot systems to hack into our server and database including replit servers environment) it must be very encrypted even harder for hackers openclaw to execute any configuration or commands, everything should be securely and secretly stored on replit server encryption software system environment, meaning only from replit and supabase it can be accessed, then tell me another way to access admin page. Everything happening realtime on the app should automatically stored on the new supabase server database. No leaks, no data should be lossed again, when the app refreshes, the credit balance and the new wallet balance (which I will tell you how to build it) should store all data on supabase in real time, pulls data from supabase in real time, the data from supabase should be what should show on the app inbuit memory system. Only use the new supabase database and backend. Am trying to secure it like Apple servers. 

Fix the lenory ID: so it stored on supabase and its starts looking for accounts registered to that user realtime search, make sure this is working properly, so user locate and gets Authenticated only to that user ip and device, any other device or ip apart from that device, if only Google didn't recommend it cannot use them or be authorized into their account, their email must be verified by supabase auth, also make that the user ID that supabase assigned to the users on the loveable project, they can enter it here and it login the user, the user ID is already on the project am building in loveable, in their profile settings and is stored on supabase, if it is a new user who hasn't created an account on lenory, they can easily copy the ID put it here on lenory, the system recognized the user who is on supabase, creates the user account immediately and authenticated them immediately using the email they created on the loveable project am building, it sync all their data from that project into lenory (it just works like Google account or Gmail), You plug the *same* Supabase URL and Secret API Keys into both platforms. This means if a student registers on the Lovable project they can immediately log into your lenory PWA with the exact same email and password automatically, no need to create different accounts. Their account data and credit balances sync effortlessly.. And to make this work to protect the supabase auth, when a user device who has account on any projects or future projects in the future, automatically detect it when the visit lenory homepage, add a system prompt that asks user either to login with their email from lenory or user ID from lenory, make sure this is working. Block any devices and ip addresses or bot using too much email addresses to create an account on supabase or bypassing security features, tag their devices or bot and upload them to admin page, all users gets a log that shows how much credit they've used and unauthorized users cannot access or delete that record data, even if the app reload their used ai credit balance can never refresh because it pulls it data from supabase, only delectable on supabase, do not expose the service role key to the frontend codes, so hackers will not get access to the backend and database or server systems, no back doors should be created.

3. Redesign of the Ask lenory chat box: - make our chat box to be like Claude ai's own just like on the image I have uploaded, with the arrow down icon which shows the current model been used {details on how to build them below}, and where they select models that control the app ai systems. Then with the wave line icon that open live ai. Live ai should be inside the chat window displaying all its features inside the plus icon menu, it shouldn't be a different page, fix the vapi problem that is displayed currently making the live ai not to work. 

Now change how lenory writes or display text, make writing show well just like Claude ai or chatgpt way of writing, then important text are designed like the original format it writes text, it writing display should be dynamic just like this other advanced ai system, designing, formatting, highlighting, inbox text with copy to clipboard button, if user is writing long prompt or pasted long prompt send it as a document in the chat box also let user add a short prompt or just send the document, I just want it to behave like Claude.ai, add all the writing formats. Now when a user type their prompt and click send, in the chat box the send button sends the user prompt details into the chat window and the send starts loading while the ai writes, until the ai selected model is done writing, while the chat UI should show full just like Claude not the current way, but when writing it shows a pen writing just like in a book very quickly and fast, it should show the pen icon writing on the screen just like how humans write on a book, build it like that.

LENORY Ai is not only a tutor ai, is now a fully ai system, so remove that tutor, but the logic is it must make it user understand it. Update the system message, to know who it is, what it can do (it can do a lot of advanced technology including hacking a system successfully, but trained in Nigeria), it should understand it creator which his name is Felix, full name is Alaoma Obinna Felix, in fact make it that I can use my own account which is felixahuruonye@gmail.com to train it own ai systems which it stores those data only on supabase and remember it when any other user asks it. Felixahuruonye@gmail.com is an admin account on supabase so the way the ai responds to that account is different from other people accounts, I can asks it to pull any kind of data from supabase or inbuit memory, ask about system health, api quotes and usage, I can tell it what to answer any user, block user accounts, ban their account, suspend any user accounts, anything I asked it to do it obeys only felixahuruonye@gmail.com account and run the sql, terminal etc. in fact make it to be a full admin instead of creating a page hackers will override our system. 

4. Credit usage alerts: - when user has low credit balance if they are on ask lenory chat, show a notification card message inside the chat with an upgrade button to open the pricing page, if they are on any feature the notification card page should pop up on the middle or center of the page screen, telling them their usage, telling them the credit remaining balance and a button to upgrade and cancel, make it beautiful and futuristic. Remember they can chat the ai to upgrade their plans, which uses their inapp wallet balance to upgrade, saves the record on Paystack through the api, make sure we take 20% charges for any transactions happening. Which all data saves to supabase, and Paystack. 